Added upstream zone directive annotation (#629)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/configmap-and-annotations.md

| `nginx.org/websocket-services` | N/A | Enables WebSocket for services. | N/A | [WebSocket support](../examples/websocket). |
| `nginx.org/max-fails` | `max-fails` | Sets the value of the [max_fails](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.html#max_fails) parameter of the `server` directive. | `1` | |
| `nginx.org/max-conns` | N\A | Sets the value of the [max_conns](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.html#max_conns) parameter of the `server` directive. | `0` | |

> | `nginx.org/upstream-zone-size` | N\A | Sets the size of the shared memory [zone](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.html?#zone). If this annotation is not present then the zone directive will not be set. | `N\A` | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `nginx.org/upstream-zone-size` | `upstream-zone-size` | Sets the size of the shared memory [zone](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.html#zone) for upstreams. For NGINX, the special value `0` disables the shared memory zones. | `256K` | |
```

> | `nginx.org/upstream-zone-size` | N\A | Sets the size of the shared memory [zone](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.html?#zone). If this annotation is not present then the zone directive will not be set. | `N\A` | |

Reviewer 2: Looks like you missed https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/pull/629#discussion_r307377239 unless I'm mistaken?
